---
layout:   post
title:    Thank you
date:     2017-04-24
category: gratitude
comments: true
---

I have finally hit the end of my time at university. The last thing coming up for myself is going to be final examinations. Then, it will be time for me to walk across that stage and move to my full-time career. It is absolutely terrifying that something I have been wanting to do for so long in my life is finally coming true. Back in elementary school, I never thought I would get to do the crazy stuff I wanted to do then, but here I am accomplishing things that people didn't expect of me.

This post is here to thank every single person who has helped me on this journey. Some of those people won't read this, but I want to make sure that it is written down that I do truly recognize you all for what you have done. I could make a HUGE list of each individuals' contributions but I think that would not bode well. I am not the person I was in high school, I am not the person I was when I started university. I have become someone new in my transition and I love myself so much more now. I love who I have become and even who I continue to strive to be. There is no finish line for growth. I cannot say I have finished growing at all. I know there is a lot more on my path of life and I cannot wait to have more people along for the journey helping me and me helping them.

Thank you to the people who have been there for me. Thank you for the people who have come and gone out of my life. Thank you for those who come back into my life even after years away. Thank you for the people who are there for me everyday. Thank you to the people who give me coffee, pizza, and anything else to make sure I have something in my belly. Thank you to those who have believe in me. Thank you to those that think I cannot accomplish anything because of who I am. Thank you to my teachers, professors, mentors, and friends. Thank you to my haters. Thank you to those who have taught me professional skills and thank you to those that have taught me there is more to life than work. Thank you for the amazing games and laughs you have given me.

I hope you all continue to bring these lessons to others and remind them everyday that there is something to gain! And no worries, now that school is wrapping down, expect much more content on here!
