---
layout: post
title: 2017, A New Year
date: 2017-01-01
summary: With a new year, we should take some time to think about what we want to do differently!
comments: true
---

Every time we complete our (relatively) slow revolution around the Sun, we take this time to
do some introspection. We wonder to ourselves, "What have I done this past year
that can make this next year better?". I think that this is a good mentality because
it shows that we actually are taking a look as to what happened and our improvement.
The only downside is that we don't typically follow through with our "New Year's
resolutions". We make them large and unobtainable. It isn't all too bad, it is in
our nature to go with large goals and potentially settle for something less, but
we still did our best to improve right?

As far as my New Year's resolutions, I have really only two things that matter most
to me to accomplish:
 - 1) Spend as much time as I can with my significant other before I have to leave
 them when I move.
 - 2) Do things that make me happy.

As you can see, I am already cheating on #2 since my significant other makes me happy!
In actuality, I enjoy these goals since these are things that I had the power to do
already but should be more aware of and more focused on improving. There are other
things that I want to do that are more challenging overall to complete but still something
I want to do a bit more though (in no particular order):

- Speak at some conferences
- Work through monthly projects
- Spend a few more hours a day on myself
- Stop working past a certain time (the hardest one for 2017)
- Get a real vacation

These are just some goals, written down, and made known around! I don't know how
many I will accomplish but who cares? Everyone deserves to
understand how they are doing in their path and should take a bit more time to see.
So, I want to be able to measure more of my productivity throughout the year and
get some better data on how to improve myself for the future and also just to log
more about what is going on in my life.

Wish me luck! And good luck to you and your resolutions!
