---
layout: post
title: New Start in New York
date: 2017-07-14
summary: With the move to New York, there has been a lot to learn!
---

It has been almost a month now living in New York. As soon as day one hit,
I learned a ton about the difference of living inside of a city. Especially one
so densely populated. I don't think I could have ever imagined being where I am now
in my life but that's what makes it great.

Another amazing thing that has happened is that I work for an incredible company
called, [Clarifai](https://www.clarifai.com). Our platform is an API that allows for
image and video recognition through either pretrained models or you can customly
train your own! In just the few weeks that I have worked here, we have released
a ton of new [features and products](https://developer.clarifai.com/recent-updates).
I never knew working at a small company would have such incredible velocity.
It comes with some challenges but my manager is wonderful at giving me the support
and guidance that I need to make even the "toughest" challenges a cake walk. Also in
this short time being a full-timer, I was given a lot of responsibility to growing
certain things at the company which I will be sure to talk about in another post!
Being trusted with these sorts of things show me how much faith everyone has in me.
They let me grow things the way I see it and listen to me as a solid source of truth.
Not a lot of people get that opportunity and not a lot of people enjoy that. Trust me,
it isn't easy but definitely worth it.

In my personal life, I have taken a lot more care of myself. I cook a lot of
my own meals, go to the gym more frequently, and spend a ton of time walking and
being outside. I have also been reading a lot more and making sure my mind is
just as refined as my technical chops. Of course this move has also had a lot of
struggles, such as being away from those closest to me. I enjoy making new friends but
I also miss a lot of the people who made my experience in Florida great. However, it
is also nice to have some people come through here and want to visit me. Next month is
[HackCon](https://hackcon.mlh.io/) and I hope to see a lot of my Florida and Internet
friends there. That will have a few fun surprises of its own and I can't wait to
also have a ton of friends be here staying with me within the next few months.

All-in-all, this has been a super important milestone in my life. I hope to continue
to grow a lot more as a person and as a developer evangelist. I am certain in my
career choice and I know that I have the support I need to grow in any way I may
desire. I hope to become more frequent in blogging as I promised myself in the
beginning of the year. But, I will be finding a lot more things to write about soon enough!
