---
layout: post
title: 2018, The Year of Change
date: 2018-01-01
---

Congratulations, we made it through another revolution! 2017 was surprisingly hard for many of us. There was a lot going on in the world that we felt we needed to consistently pay attention to. Not only within the United States, but everywhere. Even though we heard a lot of the bad, we also had a lot of good. It is all about what we choose to pay attention to and what we want to consume us that really defines how our year went.

Like always though, I believe a new year can bring a lot for us.

Last year, I focused on my happiness. I focused on doing things that made others happy. Even though I want to continue to grow, and those goals were set, I think this year is truly about me. I have matured and learned a lot about myself over the last several months out of school. I think it is all great things!

"So Prince, what are you doing for this year?"

Well, I think it is really reading and listening more. That and cooking for myself more. Very human aspects, surprise. I love coding, that's why I decided to teach others. However, if I only grow myself in one dimension, I don't think I become who I want to be outside of coding. People are going to appreciate the work I do no matter what happens. However, if I am not happy/appreciate the stuff I do, then it is all for waste. Learning to be better for yourself is the ultimate reward.

So we shall see what new things 2018 will bring me! I hope it is exciting. As long as I push myself forward and take time to rest when I need to, this year will be just fine. I wish you all the best of luck as well <3
